No, it's too expensive.
I can't take it.
If he doesn't take it
Then I'll have a dynasty with you
It must not be taken back by the system.
No, we have to find a way to get him to agree.
It's the following.
Who am I?
No management ability
So this Dynasty Entertainment Club is handed over to you to manage
So
You make the counter on the surface.
I do flip-flops.
Profit in 3 minutes
By your own ability
Choose me and I will definitely not let you down.
Ye Linger's favorability increased by 100.
Currently 50 points
Is it the past?
Next, just forget the favorability at night
I have 2 billion hair
I'm a little excited to think about it
You are so nice to me, I should
What!
Tianzi Road, my mother has an accident.